
				We use essential cookies to make sure the site can function. We, and our 207 partners, also use optional cookies and similar technologies for advertising, personalisation of content, usage analysis, and social media.
			 
				By accepting optional cookies, you consent to allowing us and our partners to store and access personal data on your device, such as browsing behaviour and unique identifiers. Some third parties are outside of the European Economic Area, with varying standards of data protection.
				See our privacy policy for more information on the use of your personal data.
				Your consent choices apply to nature.com and applicable subdomains.
			 
				You can find further information, and change your preferences via 'Manage preferences'.
				You can also change your preferences or withdraw consent at any time via 'Your privacy choices', found in the footer of every page.
			 We use cookies and similar technologies for the following purposes: Cookies, device or similar online identifiers (e.g. login-based identifiers, randomly assigned identifiers, network based identifiers) together with other information (e.g. browser type and information, language, screen size, supported technologies etc.) can be stored or read on your device to recognise it each time it connects to an app or to a website, for one or several of the purposes presented here. Advertising and content can be personalised based on your profile. Your activity on this service can be used to build or improve a profile about you for personalised advertising and content. Advertising and content performance can be measured. Reports can be generated based on your activity and those of others. Your activity on this service can help develop and improve products and services. Thank you for visiting nature.com. You are using a browser version with limited support for CSS. To obtain
            the best experience, we recommend you use a more up to date browser (or turn off compatibility mode in
            Internet Explorer). In the meantime, to ensure continued support, we are displaying the site without styles
            and JavaScript. Advertisement For just over a year of the COVID-19 pandemic, Nature highlighted key papers and preprints to help readers keep up with the flood of coronavirus research. Those highlights are below. For continued coverage of important COVID-19 developments, go to Nature’s news section.  Access Nature and 54 other Nature Portfolio journals Get Nature+, our best-value online-access subscription 24,99 € / 30 days cancel any time  Subscribe to this journal Receive 51 print issues and online access 196,21 € per year only 3,85 € per issue  Rent or buy this article Prices vary by article type from$1.95 to$39.95  Prices may be subject to local taxes which are calculated during checkout doi: https://doi.org/10.1038/d41586-020-00502-w Reprints and permissions How to make an old immune system young again News 27 MAR 24 Depleting myeloid-biased haematopoietic stem cells rejuvenates aged immunity Article 27 MAR 24 Pregnancy advances your ‘biological’ age — but giving birth turns it back News 22 MAR 24 The future of at-home molecular testing Outlook 21 MAR 24 Google AI could soon use a person’s cough to diagnose disease News 21 MAR 24 Cutting-edge CAR-T cancer therapy is now made in India — at one-tenth the cost News 21 MAR 24 Google AI could soon use a person’s cough to diagnose disease News 21 MAR 24 COVID’s toll on the brain: new clues emerge News 20 MAR 24 Anthony Epstein (1921–2024), discoverer of virus causing cancer in humans Obituary 13 MAR 24 How to make an old immune system young again News 27 MAR 24 Depleting myeloid-biased haematopoietic stem cells rejuvenates aged immunity Article 27 MAR 24 Pregnancy advances your ‘biological’ age — but giving birth turns it back News 22 MAR 24 Tenure-track Assistant Professor in Ecosystem Ecology linked to IceLab’s Center for modeling adaptive mechanisms in living systems under stress Umeå, Sweden Umeå University Founded in 2018, Westlake University is a new type of non-profit research-oriented university in Hangzhou, China, supported by public a... Hangzhou, Zhejiang, China Westlake University Postdoctoral positions in the team Cell growth control by nutrients at Inst. Necker, Université Paris Cité, Inserm, Paris, France. Paris, Ile-de-France (FR) Inserm DR IDF Paris Centre Nord Director of Clinical Department, Professor, Researcher, Post-doctor Hangzhou, Zhejiang, China The First Affiliated Hospital of Zhejiang Chinese Medical University “Qiushi” Distinguished Scholar, Zhejiang University, including Professor and Physician No. 3, Qingchun East Road, Hangzhou, Zhejiang (CN) Sir Run Run Shaw Hospital Affiliated with Zhejiang University School of Medicine  An essential round-up of science news, opinion and analysis, delivered to your inbox every weekday. Sign up for the Nature Briefing newsletter — what matters in science, free to your inbox daily. 

                    Nature (Nature)
                

ISSN 1476-4687 (online)
    

ISSN 0028-0836 (print)
    
 © 2024 Springer Nature Limited